i. What are the differences between Git and GitHub ?
Git is a distributed version control tool that can manage a development project's source code history, while GitHub is a cloud based platform built around the Git tool. Git is a tool a developer installs locally on their computer, while GitHub is an online service that stores code pushed to it from computers running the Git tool. The key difference between Git and GitHub is that Git is an open-source tool developers install locally to manage source code, while GitHub is an online service to which developers who use Git can connect and upload or download resources.

One way to examine the differences between GitHub and Git is to look at their competitors. Git competes with centralized and distributed version control tools such as Subversion, Mercurial, ClearCase and IBM's Rational Team Concert. On the other hand, GitHub competes with cloud-based SaaS and PaaS offerings, such as GitLab and Atlassian's Bitbucket.

ii. What is Git Workflow ? 
A Git Workflow is a recipe or recommendation for how to use Git to accomplish work in a consistent and productive manner. Git workflows encourage users to leverage Git effectively and consistently. Git offers a lot of flexibility in how users manage changes.

iii. How many types of version control systems are there ?
There are mainly three types of Version control systems:

Local Version Control Systems: It is one of the simplest forms and has a database that kept all the changes to files under revision control. RCS is one of the most common VCS tools. It keeps patch sets (differences between files) in a special format on disk. By adding up all the patches it can then re-create what any file looked like at any point in time.

Centralized Version Control Systems: Centralized version control systems contain just one repository and each user gets their own working copy. You need to commit to reflecting your changes in the repository. It is possible for others to see your changes by updating.

Distributed Version Control Systems: Distributed version control systems contain multiple repositories. Each user has their own repository and working copy. Just committing your changes will not give others access to your changes. This is because commit will reflect those changes in your local repository and you need to push them in order to make them visible on the central repository. Similarly, When you update, you do not get other’s changes unless you have first pulled those changes into your repository.



